Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I am the lord of darkness.
I require the solace of the shadows...
and the dark of the night.
Sunshine is my destroyer.
All this shall change.
Tonight, the sun sets forever.
There shall never be another dawn...
Enter!
Ah, Blix.
Come closer.
You summoned me, lordship?
Are you not the most loathsome of my goblins?
Truly, master.
And is your heart black and full of hate?
Black as midnight, black as pitch,
blacker than the foulest witch.
That is why I have called you here.
Since I must remain in darkness,
you shall be my eyes and ears.
You do me great honor, lord.
Something troubles me.
I feel a presence in the forest,
a force I had mercifully almost forgotten.
Must be dread, indeed,
to trouble you, lordship.
Looking upon these frail creatures,
one would not think that
they could contain such power.
One could rule the universe with it.
You must find them for me and destroy them!
What do they look like, lord?
Fool! Let this serve to remind you.
They are each crowned with a single horn...
reaching straight to heaven.
I get the point, lord.
Bring the horns to me.
You will be well rewarded.
You shall be a prince here in my realm.
A rare privilege, master.
Where shall I look, sire?
There is only one lure for
such disgusting goodness,
- one bait that never fails.
- What be this bait? Please, you teach me.
Innocence. Innocence.
♪ Come, white flowers
Weave us a carpet ♪
♪ Spreading oak
Make a shade where we lie ♪
♪ Leaves and branches
whisper our love song ♪
♪ When I look in my true love's eyes ♪
♪ Young as any spring ♪
♪ His eyes almost sing ♪
♪ To me ♪
Blooming fairies!
Lily!
God bless, Your Highness.
A royal visit's always a pleasure.
Have another biscuit.
Nell...
I have no time to stay for a visit today.
Oh, you've got a sweetheart waiting?
- No, I don't.
- Surely, your father forbids such folly.
What my father doesn't
know won't trouble him.
Oh, the willful heart invites despair,
like blind men creeping in a dragon's lair.
Not a country proverb nor king's command,
could keep me from the woods today.
Then it's common sense sort.
Lily. Princess Lily.
I look on you as a daughter.
If you'll pardon my saying it,
it's time you started behaving
like the princess you are.
You should be out looking for a
handsome prince on a white charger,
not visiting poor folk like us.
No. Don't you know I love coming here?
This place holds more magic for
me than any palace in the world.
You live a very rich life, Nell.
I don't know of a prince who
could carve wood like this.
You're very sweet, Lily.
Magic is a wonderful thing.
You'll find your own magic one day.
I'm sure you will.
I have no time for this. I'm going.
Oh, and you look out for
spriggen and banshee, my girl.
These woods be thick with them.
Stay clear of toadstool rings and willow trees...
and old oaks.
Jack!
Where are you?
Jack. Jack!
Jack?
Jack, answer me.
Jack! Jack!
Jack.
Jack, please. Please, if you're here,
say something to me, please.
Jack, you scared the life out of me!
You're so clever.
Oh, here.
Whoops. Look inside.
See what you can find.
That's something to eat.
I made that for you myself.
Well, I... I took it from Nell.
Do you like it? Is it sweet?
I know someone sweeter.
May be innocent, may be sweet...
ain't half as nice as rotting meat.
Good. Very good. Just right.
Jack, now teach me rabbit like you promised.
Rabbit?
- It's much harder than finch.
- Let me try.
I'm a good student, and my
father says I'm brilliant.
See how brilliant I am?
Let me dazzle you with my wisdom.
It's much more than wisdom
that dazzles me, Lily.
Jack, teach me rabbit.
Not today.
Why not?
Because...
there's something really special that
I've been promising to show you.
- Jack, do you mean it?
- Only if it pleases you, Lily.
Oh, it pleases me more than anything.
We must go now...
because they'll only be here for a short while.
Don't you trust me?
I trust you, Lily.
Oh, Jack.
Look! Ugly one-horned mules.
Nothing is more magical.
As long as they roam the earth,
evil can never harm the pure of heart.
Do you speak their language?
They express only love and laughter.
Dark thoughts are unknown to them.
No! No.
Please.
Lily, no, please!
♪ Come dance, sparrow ♪
♪ Sing me good morning ♪
♪ Rise up, sun ♪
♪ Like the arch of the sky ♪
You'll spook the beast and spoil the trap.
♪ Living river ♪
♪ Turn the light to diamonds ♪
♪ When I look in my true love's eyes ♪
♪ Like a child feels ♪
♪ Watching a rainbow ♪
♪ Like a bird feels ♪
♪ The first time it flies ♪
♪ I feel magic ♪
♪ Stirring within me ♪
♪ When I look in my true love's eyes ♪
♪ Young as any spring ♪
♪ His eyes almost seem ♪
This shot be just as sweet as pie.
Jack? Jack?
Jack!
- It was lovely... like a dream.
- What you did is forbidden.
Who says so?
It is known, Lily. These are sacred animals.
- I don't care.
- You risk your immortal soul talking like that.
I only wanted to touch one.
Where's the harm in that?
It was magic.
Thank you.
Let me sing to you.
I'll chase your fears away.
♪ In the bumps and the hollows ♪
♪ The sunlight and shadows ♪
♪ He kissed her as those ♪
♪ Bluebells blow ♪
♪ As his lips met her breath ♪
♪ He went sweetly to death ♪
♪ At the roots of the bluebells ♪
♪ Is where he is laid ♪
- Are you afraid to kiss me, Jack?
- I'm afraid you'll break my heart.
Then still your heart.
You're dear to me as life itself.
- Don't you wish this was our wedding ring?
- If I say yes, will my wish come true?
I'm a princess.
It's my right to set a challenge for my suitors.
I will marry...
whoever finds this ring.
Jack!
Lily!
I smell human flesh!
- After you, Pig.
- Oh, no, after you.
Clock. Mortal world turned to ice.
Here be goblin paradise!
Plenty hospitality here.
Baby!
- I simply adore milk-fed meat.
- What are you, some kind of animal?
Oh.
How did you do that, Blix?
- Yeah, tell us how you do those tricks.
- Quite easy, actually.
- Goblin omelette.
- Very nice, very nice.
Lucky day!
Kill ugly one-horned dead!
You act like you do all. It was me
who shoot the poisoned stinger.
Me! Me! Me!
You only got the shot in
because the princess was there.
Wrong! It was beauty led the beast to bay.
She was so sweet.
I could eat her brains like jam.
- I could suck her bones...
- Enough!
Better hurry. Dark Lord, he don't like to wait.
Mmmm.
- Hyah! Hyah! Hyah!
- What have I done?
Four, five, six! Hurray for Blix!
I'll make it right.
Jack.
Lily? Lily?
Jack?
Who's there?
Who are you?
Here be forest child and not know the Gump?
Gump, is it?
Honeythorn Gump at your service.
I... I must be dreaming.
If life is a dream, better you dread the waking.
- Jack?
- Stop it!
- That's Oona. She likes you.
- Go away!
Does your blood run so cold, Jack?
You'll be a gobs before your time.
How'd you know my name?
How does a migrating swallow...
know the way south in winter?
Or a spawning salmon...
find the very source of his birth...
from the cold, black depth
of the mysterious sea?
I know everything, Jack.
Everything?
Then why is it like this?
Why is there winter now?
I'd be a powerful wizard,
indeed, could I answer.
- Suppose you tell me, Jack.
- Me?
You know these woods as well as any elf.
Did you not see something odd today?
Any strange spirits?
Did nothing untoward happen?
- No.
- No? No?... Nothing?
- Uh, I did take Lily to see the Unicorns.
- You did what?
Silence!
Oh, God, Gump, she touched him.
Touched it? A mortal laid hands on a Unicorn?
Jack! Squawk, squawk, no more talk!
Do you think you can upset the order
of the universe and not pay the price?
But... but she meant no wrong!
What I did is done, but I did it for love.
Silence!
Love, you say? But answer me this riddle,
and all will be forgiven.
- And if I cannot?
- Why, Jack,
then 'tis your death song I'll be playing.
Then ask away...
and pray God my answer pleases you.
What is a bell that does not ring...
yet its knell makes the angels sing?
- I know the answer!
- Shhh!
Answer me this...
and all will be forgiven.
Flowers?
- Bluebells! To hear them ring means
your life is at an end! - No!
Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!
Riddles! Riddles! Riddles!
Damn it! Riddles! Riddles! Riddles!
Gump?
You've bested me, Jack.
Bested me, bested me.
A riddle without an answer's like an
empty cup when you're thirsty for wine.
Well spoken! And if it's wine you
want, it's wine we shall have.
Brown Tom! A small measure
of entertainment at best.
But, Gump, it's the last
bottle of me best wine.
Oh-Oh, if you say so, sir.
Mmm.
Now, Gump, don't you be forgetting me.
Oh, careful now.
Oh, it's so precious.
Elderberry wine.
- I'm sorry.
- No finer drink under heaven.
- Here's to Jack,
- Oh, brother.
riddle solver, dancing fool and fairy friend.
Tip it.
Here, this'll help.
Don't you care what's happened?
Of course we care. What good's a
world locked in a season of death?
- But we must find the answer.
- That we must.
But first we must see that no
harm's come to the Unicorn.
I sadly fear the worst.
Wait. Shhh!
Lily!
Jack, what?
Jack!
Forgive me.
I meant no wrong.
Well, Jack, tell us what has happened.
Come on, Jack. Don't keep us in the dark.
The dark is where we'll stay.
We're cursed.
Is there naught we can do?
We must get the alicorn back.
Only then will the world return to normal.
We must find a champion...
bold of heart and pure in spirit.
Champion? What champion?
Don't give up so quick, lads.
You'll do.
We must get you some weapons.
But, Gump, I know nothing of weapons.
You'll learn. I know where to find the best.
Brown Tom, stay here with
the Unicorn and guard her well.
- Like me own life.
- Better. She's the last of her kind.
Magic horn is mine, mine, mine.
Now all creatures will love the night...
and worship goblins as divine.
You shouldn't talk like that, Blix.
Why not? I've got the power now.
Plenty big talk.
Not even darkness lasts forever.
Jack, I can't go with you now.
Anyway, Oona will guide the way.
Follow me, Jack. Over here. Come on.
Come on. Hurry! Hurry!
Come on, Jack.
No, over here.
Here, Jack... Come on.
I'm Onna.
Oona.
Nobody knows but you. It's our secret, Jack.
Don't tell Gump. Promise?
Promise!
I could be anything you want me to be,
even your heart's desire.
You've got to help us, Jack.
The fairies' love makes anything possible.
Higher, higher, burning fire.
Making music like a choir.
- It seems a pity to waste such power.
- Waste? Better watch out, old pal Pox,
or I'll turn you into little pork chops.
Why not turn everything into garbage?
A great towering mountain of slop.
Wouldn't that be magic?
Higher, higher, burning fire.
Making music like a choir.
Blix, Blix. Blix!
- What?
- Big D!
Stop!
Hear me, you angel of darkness!
Your reign is over! A new order begins!
- I hold the power!
- Enough!
Shit! Please! It was... only a joke.
I didn't mean it.
No!... No!
Have you no sense of humor?
Adios, amigos!
Wow.
Forgive that intrusion, great lord,
- but... goblins are inclined to be outspoken,
- Yeah.
and I like to encourage their initiative.
Did you think this a mere plaything?
With it, my empire is eternal.
Before I ruled only the night.
Now my minions will frolic in
darkness until the end of time.
The Unicorns are dead, is this not true?
- True, lord, very plenty true.
- Undeniably true.
You lie! Here is dawn!
It is essentially true. On the other hand...
- Stallion is dead. Dead as dreams.
- Out with it!
The mare lives still!
If even one Unicorn walks the
earth, my power is not complete.
She's just a female, lord. She has no power.
Only the power of creation.
Get the mare!
I command you!
Well, let's see, what have we here?
Ah, a little sassafras.
A little spearmint would be nice, huh?
Some fox glove?
And a little colt's foot.
Hey, who goes there, what?
- I'm... I'm Princess Lily.
- You!... You're the cause of all our sorrow.
I'm... I'm so sorry.
I didn't know... Please, please forgive me.
- I'm not the one you should be askin'.
- Listen to me.
Try and understand.
I'm only trying to make things right.
Darkness has sent the
goblins back for the mare.
It's not safe to stay here. You'll
have to hurry! Leave now! Go!
- Good lass. You're a plucky little partridge.
- Hurry!
Too late!
You imps are lookin' for a fight, you
come to the chap who'll oblige ya.
Try this on for size.
You can't beat me. Ha-ha, look at that!
Keep 'em coming, fellas! Ha-ha!
Oh, check this out! Yes, sir. You see?
You just can't beat me! You can't...
Little tool is stuck. They done for me.
Quick!
Wait for me!
Brown Tom!
Brown Tom, you can't be dead.
This is terrible. Terrible!
- Brown Tom.
Gump?
Screwball.
Jack, lad.
- They killed you too?
- Of course they didn't.
- But what in blazes are you talking about?
- Goblins.
- Goblins?
- Shot me through me brain pan.
Oh.
That's one spot an arrow will do no harm.
I... I did my best to fight 'em off, but
they swarmed up by the hundreds.
All fierce creatures they were.
The princess warned me, but...
- Lily?
- Aye.
Then she's alive!
She was alive still when they killed me.
The goblins must have taken her.
We follow their tracks in the snow.
The Great Tree.
When evil anarchy ruled the land,
the wicked came here to sacrifice.
Ugly. I hate it.
- Good. You go first.
- Why always me?
Go!
Foreigner.
Oh,... slippery.
Uh, uh...
Oh, okay, okay.
I made it!
Screwball!
Foul-tasting fairy!
Come to Meg, juicy boy.
Who be this tender morsel...
disturbing Meg Mucklebone's rest?
Jack. They call me Jack, ma'am.
What a fine, fat boy you are, Jack.
You don't really mean to
eat me, do you, ma'am?
Oh, indeed I do!
But that would be a shame,
because someone as fair...
and lovely as yourself, Miss Meg,
deserves far better than scrawny me.
Don't you think?
You... think... me fair,... do you, Jack?
All the heavenly angels
must envy your beauty.
What a fine meal you'll make,
be the rest of you as sweet as your tongue.
Wait! No!
Please, your Loveliness, feast on
the beauty of your reflection.
You are an angel, Miss Meg.
- Look. Look.
- Oh.
What a splendid idea.
Clever boy!
Yes.
Your alchemy makes
crusted steel shine like silver.
That's discerning taste,
for one so young, Jack.
Come. Come, Jack!
Give us a kiss... before dining!
I did it!
Screwball!
Oh, okay. Okay.
Oh! Whee! Look.
What a big trumpet!
- I'll bet it makes a lot of noise.
- Our lives are lost if it blows.
Hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Oh!
I think it stopped.
Look out!
My back! Me achin'back!
Oh, I'm not as old as I used to be, you know.
- Oh. Hey, where are we?
- Someplace we don't want to be.
Hey, hey! Wait for me!
We gotta get out of here!
It's the stench of hell itself!
Shh! Quiet!
You'll be fricasseed fairies
if you don't keep quiet.
Who be you, bucket head?
Who I am won't help me nor you, neither,
even know we are all brothers.
What happened to you?
It's a long story.
Let's just say I went looking for adventure,
and found more than I could handle.
Doesn't matter now anyway.
We are all in the same fix!
I knew it. I knew it.
I should have stayed at home.
Let's face it, brothers.
Me... and you all... is barbecue.
- Barbecue?
- That's right. Barbecue.
Only dead meat waits for the stew pot.
Spring the lock with your magic, Gump.
- Iron is trouble for elves.
- Iron, huh?
Oh!
Oh, no!
The thing!
- Oh, no! He's coming! Hide!
- Hide! - Hide! Hide!
Oh!
I don't think I can handle it! Help me!
Let me go! Let me go!
Help! Help me!
Please! Please! Help me!
Oh, you beast! Help me!
Let me go!
Gump, we've got to help him.
Oh, don't worry. Our brother
can take care of himself.
I'm sure of it, I think.
Screwball's right. It's more important
that you find the Unicorn.
Why not have Oona fly out, find a key?
Oona? But she's much too small.
Could never lift it.
Our secret!
Our secret will keep forever in
this grave if you don't help us.
You promised!
You willful sprite. How dare
you keep such secrets?
They're mine to keep.
I'll do what you ask... if you'll kiss me, Jack.
Easy enough.
You call that a kiss? Am I not sweet?
Sweeter than bee pollen...
on a summer wind.
Sweet as the wind that blows me to you.
Oh, it's fairy magic.
Lily?
- Lily?
- Yes, Jack.
This isn't real.
Oh, it is.
I'm warm and alive...
and want to be in your arms.
No, I... I can't. No.
This is just more fairy glamour.
Human hearts don't work that way.
What care I for human hearts?
Soft and spiritless as porridge!
A fairy's heart beats fierce and free!
Oona!
Your fine sensibilities have left us here to rot!
I'm behind you all the way, Gump.
You look like mourners at your own funeral.
Oona!
Quick, lads!
You!
You mortal, you!
I could vex you! Dance your life away!
Uh, I'll stay here and...
Ah! Wait for me!
A... terrible sight for a sober man.
Shh!... We must find the dungeons.
I think I'll stay right here,
thank you very much.
Not so fast! You'll search with the rest of us.
- Then I'll go with Jack.
- No! We split up.
- Yes! It's better if we go in teams.
- No, I will go with... - Shh!
Gump and me, Brown Tom and Screwball.
Right. Let's synchronize.
We meet back here in twice
500 beats of a bluebird's heart.
Do you know what I think? I think we should
add a couple more hundred breaths of a...
Shh!
Take care. Come on, Jack.
Be careful.
- There's only one thing I want to know.
- What?
- Why me?
- Shh!
- I think we should go west.
- I think we should go east.
- Oh, okay.
- Wait!
Father, I hold the world in my grasp,
and yet this girl... distracts me.
It has been an eternity
since I felt such desire.
What am I to do?
She fascinates you
because her soul is pure.
- I'll take her then.
- Fool!
You must woo her!
She remembers the world as it was,
so... tempt her.
Win her.
Make her one of us.
Hmm. Hey. Psst!
Psst! Psst!
Did, did you see something?
- No, did you?
- I don't know.
I think.
D-D-D-Did you hear that?
What's that?
That's a horse, you idiot.
Woo her.
Win her.
Make her one of us.
Lady,... do not be afraid.
Quiet,... quiet.
How like you my gifts?
Does the gown not please you?
No.
Can you speak so of your bridal gown?
I've found my true mate,
and you know it.
- Never.
- Beneath the skin, we are already... one.
- Was it not your sin trapped the Unicorn?
- No.
Even now...
the evil seed of what you have done...
- germinates within you.
- No. You lie.
You disgust me.
We are all animals, my lady.
Most are too afraid to see it.
Lily!
Jack.
There's nothing you can do now to help her.
Be thankful she still lives.
You've got to help us, Jack.
The last Unicorn dies tonight.
- As her blood ebbs,
- Never.
the sun sets forever.
There shall never be another dawn.
No!
Lady, I require the solace of the shadows...
and the dark of the night.
Sunshine is my destroyer!
Damn you!
We are all of us damned, my queen.
As long as the sun still shines,
we can destroy him.
Let me dazzle you with my wisdom.
I think I know a way.
Come on, come on, come on.
You're holding us up.
Listen to me. We're not going down
the same corridor umpteen times.
- I think we should go that way.
- No, we're going this way.
No, not me.
- Let's go down there.
- Stay close to me now.
- You know what?
- What?
- I vote we run like hell.
- I second the motion.
Screwball.
Where were you?
In another three flicks of a badger's tail,
we would have gone.
While you're having fun, time goes by fast.
Yeah, yeah, we found the mare,
and it's alive in the dungeon.
Excellent. Excellent, you two!
Thank you very much.
Now Jack has a plan, and a good one!
We must gather every
shining object we can find.
We're going to bring light to darkness.
Blunder.
Blunder!
Shh!
Any more noise, and you're shish kebab.
You do what we say, understand? Swear it.
I swear it on the festering
forelock of Nicodemus!
Please, help. Help me.
Thank you.
Judge me not so harshly, mistress.
I invite you to share this supper.
Look how sweet it is.
Hurry, hurry. Keep 'em comin'!
Come on, come on!
Ow!
- Brown Tom!
- Huh?
Gump? Gump!
- Gump?
- Jack. Jack!
Three cheers for our champion!
- Hip hip!
- Hooray!
Now what, Jack?
Must go all the way out.
Light.
Not much to hold on to.
Take a pea pod pixie to make that climb.
I'll do it.
What's the matter? Ain't I
small enough for the job?
No job is too small for my little brother.
Please, Gump. Let me try.
I won't let you down.
All right, all right. Do it, but be swift!
Oh, oh, thank you, thank you.
You... you'll never regret it.
- I always knew you'd be going
places, Screwball. - Yes.
- Eat.
- I'm not hungry.
You lie.
Just to please me.
I do nothing for your pleasure.
All I wish...
is for you to sit and talk with me.
Sit?
- Here?
- Yes.
Please.
- I prefer to stand.
- Sit!
Or stand... As you wish.
It is enough that we are alone together.
Just the two of us.
Some... simple conversation.
I have nothing to talk about.
You've stolen my dreams away.
All things change, Lady.
The dreams of youth...
are the regrets of maturity.
Dreams are my specialty.
Through dreams I influence mankind.
My dream...
is of eternity with you.
I offer you this rose, Princess...
my heart,
my soul,
my love.
Love?
Once I was content with solitude...
until that moment...
I felt your vivid presence.
A little to the right.
Left... Good!
It grows late... Sit.
I value your thoughts.
Share them with me.
- Sit?
- Sit.
- Nothing more than that?
- And talk with me.
I think I'll stand, if you don't mind.
Damn you!
No! Never! Never!
I hear a throat begging to be cut.
Are you so... anxious...
to see blood flow?
As you are to drink it. Grant your
bride one wish on this night.
You have but to ask.
I will stay here with you as you wish.
- But on one condition.
- Anything.
I want to kill the Unicorn.
I can't let that happen.
In the beginning...
there was nothing...
a void of darkness,
a cold eternity of silence.
Jack, your greatest challenge is still to come.
And we have not much time.
When the perfect void was corrupted...
by light,
a great wailing was heard,
and all the brethren fled in terror.
Gump!
Oona, fly up like the wind. It's time.
Jack!
- Lily.
- Jack.
Judge her with your heart,
not your eyes.
Hear me,
ye powers of the night!
We offer this sacrifice,
in honor of you,
sanctified with blood...
and with fire!
I pray you, Father, accept my sacrifice.
Let light be forever extinguished.
Let the age of darkness begin!
Come, Lady.
The birth of a new world awaits your stroke.
Let my offering be made of flesh and blood.
She means to do it, Jack. She's one of them.
- I am sister to the Fates.
- Kill her. Forget her.
Think about the Unicorn.
- Do it!
- Lily.
- I'll do it.
- No!... No.
I trust you, Lily.
I'll always trust you.
Run!
Run! You're free!
Darkness!
What have we here?
A little boy.
Screwball! Screwball, wake up!
Wake up, Screwball! Wake up!
It's always a pleasure
to take a brave man's life.
Wake up!
Don't you know me, boy?
- Quickly!
- What time is it?
Every wolf suffers fleas.
'Tis easy enough to scratch.
Give it to me, boy!
Father!
Protect me!
You think you have won!
What is light...
without dark?
What are you...
without me?
I am a part of you all.
You can never defeat me.
We are brothers...
eternal!
Do it, Jack! Kill him! Kill him!
She's under a spell.
A powerful spell.
Do something.
Look what we've been through.
Look who you are.
Have faith in yourself.
It is the greatest lesson you have learned.
Only you can answer this riddle.
I'm a princess.
It's my right to set a
challenge for my suitors.
I will marry... whoever finds this ring.
We too have a promise to keep.
Now fulfill your promise.
I will miss you.
- But don't forget us.
- Never.
I love you, Lily.
Come back to me.
I... love... love you, Jack.
I love you, Lily.
I had such a terrible nightmare.
Did you?
It's over.
Jack, was it all a dream?
You're safe now.
So many terrible things happened.
I learned something about myself...
and something about you.
What's that?
You belong here.
You're my prince.
- I'm only Jack.
- My Lord Jack.
So you take that...
and you keep it, treasure it.
It's part of me.
Can I come tomorrow?
Of course.
I'll be here.
I'll always be here for you, Lily.
Will you sing for me?
♪ Come down, sparrow ♪
♪ Sing me good morning ♪
♪ Rise up, sun like the arch of the sky ♪
♪ Living river ♪
♪ Turn light to diamonds ♪
♪ When I look in my true love's eyes ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org